hey guys it's Katie um first of all I'm
filming on my new camera today about
this this one video is going to be a
birthday haul and keep in mind this is a
bigger haul because it was meh 16th
birthday and has 2 16 party so kind of
bought bunch of stuff um my cousins are
sitting over there so if they're like
talking in background they're like
watching YouTube videos so please ignore
them if they make any noise this is
going to be a collective haul of
everything I got for my birthday so I'm
just gonna start with this stuff I got
today um today I want to move I went to
bestbuy and I got my camera and i'll
show you the box if i don't care that
much but it is a nikon coolpix l110 and
it looks like that it's a more compact
digital camera has a nice lens and
subject then we went to the mall and I
like to mac and i'll actually yeah
sephora um today i just got a fluid line
and dipped down and this is just a matte
brown color come just a matte brown full
load line okay so hopefully the focus i
have like autofocus now how come back
okay i'm really excited and I got a
mineralized brush and warm soul and this
is so pretty I really can't read Jesus
it's gorgeous
I hope it focuses how bringing cooler
okay so that's what that looks like all
right and then the other day I'm just
gonna skip around a little bit the other
day I went to Sephora and I got a couple
things first thing i got was buxom
lashed by bare essentials and i've been
using it for like the past three days
now and i love this link to death it's
amazing like the best mess out of the
truck um then I got a 24-7 glide on eye
pencil by urban decay and this is just n
0 because I like the one in my naked
palette so I wanted to get full size
your when I run out okay next thing I
got was philosophy hope in a jar
moisturizer and this is just like a mini
size of it was like by the check out I
was like why not um then I got said
everything now I got my birthday gift
from Sephora this is like the beauty
inside a birthday gift and it says
philosophy birthday put the cake vanilla
birthday cake shower gel shampoo and oh
oh oh man I got a step forward by OPI
nail polish in under my trench coat
what's so funny and that's it from
makeup I thing yeah I'm pretty sure
that's it the makeup I'm now I'm gonna
move on back to today we should one
I got was a pair of earrings they just
look like this they're like feather is
kind of but they're dangling and they're
really really super duper cute I can't
do this and I got this scarf and just a
tan with stripes pretty much like thick
and thin stripes like that it's really
pretty cream kind of creamsicle orange
sweater and this goes both the next
thing that I will show you but just has
this little like logo right here it's
kind of like a school and and that goes
well with this shirt that I not it's
kind of weird-looking off but it's so
pretty out if it's like more flowy and
loose and stuff definitely a different
kind of thing that sort of cute and I
got a crop top and this is look like
that it's just silver with a bunch of
rhinestones all over it and its really
really cute and I can you can wear like
I tried on like off the shoulder every
time I'm gonna do at my cousin then
we're off the shoulder i know a lot
cuter so that was it
back to like birthday gifts my friend
which was like crazy on his mom pretty
much definitely put this out but I'm
still really nice it's this juicy purse
and it looks like this it's black and
has this huge key on the fan which is so
cute but it's kind of like smaller but
it's still super adorable and on in love
with it completely and it closes my
magnetically on the front like that so
it's just this really cute like little
tiny purse that I can use if I'm feeling
like I don't need to carry around so
much stuff I got a return to tiffany
bracelets like that with the return to
tiffany emblem on it and this was from
my stepmoms sister and her family and
then i got a couple more pandora charms
um got this one from my aunt if my
camera will focus hopefully does it's
definitely i'll read you this and then i
got this one from my boyfriend this one
with my boyfriend and this one from my
mom is it foco and then from my grandma
she got my gammy she got me this diamond
tennis bracelet and I just looks like
this just a regular and this is gorgeous
and I don't know where this too much
it's kind of more for special occasions
I think that's kind of my opinion on it
said everything ago oh of course I got
oh and another thing this is kind of
like crazy but I got an ipod tuned
because add enough money to buy it um
this is the newest generation ipod touch
and i got a super cute ipod for new jobs
should generate sentences 4th generation
ipod and looks like this and i got a
super cute cakes corey too juicy um and
i believe that is it i'm pretty sure
from my cousin's friend movie she was so
sweet to give me a set of three Stila
lip quizzes but then just gave me
support gift card but these are amazing
honestly i'm in love with this one is
grapefruit and it's literally like i can
apply this runner sanaya I love it oh my
god it's amazing I felt like Redford's
ah it's like literally I'm gonna buy all
of them you're amazing ok I think that's
it um thank you guys for watching and
I'll see you guys in the next video bye